Add flag to disable issue creation v2 (#42)
transferwise/actions-next-bundle-analyzer: README.md

    #   always: Always comment on PRs, even if it's just to say there are no significant changes.
    #   skip-insignificant: Skip commenting on PRs if there are no signficant changes in page sizes.
    comment-strategy: 'always'

>     # Optional, set to no to not create the bundle size summary issue. Defaults to yes.
>     create-issue: yes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Optional, configures whether to create the bundle size summary issue, defaults to `true`.
    # Available options:
    #   true
    #   false
    create-issue: true
```
